docs: Adjust the embedded script information (#6956)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/troubleshooting/edge/collect-support-bundles.md

- Only the `support-bundle-edge.sh` script is embedded and can run on hosts without an internet connection. The
  `support-bundle-infra.sh` script is not embedded and requires internet access.
- The embedded `support-bundle-edge.sh` script is included with the version of Stylus that was in use at the time of

>   provisioning. It is updated only when Stylus is upgraded through an ISO or a Palette update. To ensure you're using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  provisioning. It is updated only when Stylus is upgraded through an ISO or a Palette update. To ensure you are using
```

Reviewer: As per our style guide, we avoid using contractions.
